hey folks well winters here are teams
winter came early this year only the end
of October and already were getting some
snow and it's blowing and it's pretty
cold out so I figured I'd come out start
a fire in the wood stone and start a new
project I've had on the back burner let
me show you what I've got there you go a
snowmobile - winter coming so I don't
have a snowmobile now this thing came
from the source there used to be Radio
Shack in Canada you can see I've already
gutted a lot of it there's a part that
took out and see in there the circuit
board basic circuit board this is the
motor free steering dinky little motor
here was for the power system and a few
other odds man some gears and whatnot
it's all going to be junk now most you
might be thinking well I throw a
brushless motor in and that'll be really
cool make it go fast but heck it's a
snowmobile and should have either a
two-stroke for this particular model
this thing's modeled after would have
been a two-stroke so I think it should
have a nitro engine in it now whether I
can fit it or not is to be determined
and whether I you I don't know if these
gears will hold up or not so my first
plan of attack is to gut all this stuff
out of here just plastic to take a
dremel cut it all out cut any posts that
aren't needed out to see if an existing
motor that already have the older trucks
motor will fit Matt if it will then I
got to figure out how to interface
between this driveshaft this gear and
the motor now maybe you take this gear
off mount the metal gear on there some
sort
was a reduction though I would need a
reduction to be honest nitrile motor
would turn fast enough as long as it had
enough torque and then I run a regular
clutch on the Nitro motor and figure it
all out then for the steering the
steering servo will just sit up in here
this new raw it's going out replace
these friction plastic shocks with
something different change out these
plastic things for our rods with the rod
ends on them and stand back here or the
muck battery wet that could be where the
dark in there which is more than enough
room told the receiver and the receiver
pack and that sort of thing so kind of
funny you look at this this to 155 and
yeah it's not even close to scale but
but whatever it is what it is now one
thing I saw on here where did it go it
is open it's not too bad this thing's
been sitting for a while yeah the track
is cracked I'm going to have to do
something about that shored up somehow
and maybe I'll put some aluminum
aluminum plates in there to hold it
together something but well figure it
out first things first
grind all this crap out pull that motor
out of the truck and see if it's even
benefit all right chapter a bunch of
drama work making a mess I got it more
or less cleaned up by and clean it up a
little bit better inside once I'm ready
to permanently mount this but I think my
plan might work here's the engine I was
thinking they using the torque 16 came
out of that Duratrax empty truck that I
haven't used in a while a good little
truck but we'll see it may sacrifice
this engine for the cause and maybe I'll
do some searching online eBay that sort
of thing and find something that might
work a little better and I'll show you
why I say might work
little better we've already kind of
rough drop this in and it does fit and
the gears would line up pretty good here
this is a two-speed clutch belt off the
C I don't know where the single speed
one is but looks like this two speed one
probably all right we'll give me that
extra length that I would need for
things to line up but a couple issues to
overcome one is the pull start it's too
big so to pull it off to make it fit so
it fits in there just bit and it just
clears for the steering shaft go through
at the moment so that's alright and then
the clutch are not the clutch the
flywheel just clears here so I would
work alright but cause another problem
there's the exhaust port this is a side
exhaust engine now originally let me
find it here here's the factory muffler
and there's no way in hell that I would
fit fit in there but had this
aftermarket header which comes around
I'd have to modify now the issue is it
won't fit unless I were to rotate this
forward which would be alright to fit
that in and figure something out with
that or find I like to say a different
different header on eBay or make my
always get a chunk of steel and work
something out Dan so in order to get to
rotate forward I'd have to modify this
back plate cut those years off give
myself enough room now drop it down a
little lower and it'd be nice to drop it
down a little lower because see if I can
show you on the video here
a moment not hard to do this with one
hand
close enough see if you can see up
underneath I might not be able to see
that sorry cat you can see I'm going to
have some clearance issues so I think an
ideal situation would actually be to
find a rear port engine I think the
Traxxas ones are like that and hopefully
some with a little bit longer clutch but
work with that I had to it's got a
pretty big flywheel so maybe some of the
other engines have a smaller flywheel I
think the best bet I don't necessarily
want to ruin this engine so I want to
get that other truck going find a rear
flywheel a rear exhaust port so cheap or
somewhere on eBay and work that I could
gain some clearance by cutting off one
of these cooling fins being enough to be
a winter vehicle I don't think enough to
worry about cooling as long as I open up
the hood for some cooling air so I think
I'm going to shut her down for now and
go look on eBay and just do some
research and see what I can find I'll
give you an update as soon as I have
something to tell you talk to you later